# Team Postmortem

A Google Hangout session starts.  Four participants appear.  The names
underneath their images read "Ron", "Tony", "Leslie", and "Barb".

Ron strokes his beard, "Looks like our handler isn't here yet."

"It's no wonder, given the challenges we faced in that last outing.",
says Tony, as he takes off his hat, wipes his forehead, puts it back
on.

Leslie removes his reading glasses and looks up.  "I didn't think it
was that bad.  If only we had used fewer types and less time to tackle
that daemon..."

Barb shakes her head. "Let's not start that argument again, Leslie!"

A new, fifth, participant begins to join the Hangout.  The profile
photo is unusual, insofar as it has a ghostly outline and is
indistinct.  It is labeled "Robin".

Robin's image appears, vague in its substance.  He jumps in. "Thank
you for joining me for this debriefing, everyone.  I apologize for my
lateness; my wifi connection is spotty in the hereafter."

Ron clears his throat as Tony chuckles at the joke.

Robin continues.

"First, thank you, one and all, for your tremendous bravery and
cool-headedness last night.  Our missions have become more challenging
and more frequent with each passing year.  Practical advances, such as
CPU speeds, desktop parallelism, inexpensive large memory sizes, and
commodity cloud computing mean that more and more researchers and
hobbyists are encroaching on dangerous territory. In the past, we only
needed to worry about a handful of top complexity theorists and
programming language researchers, but today any sharp kid with an
Athlon can accidentally summon a hellbeast."

"Now it is no longer a question of simply hiding the proof for P=NP and
planting misdirections like Ron's excellent work."

"MD4 nonwithstanding," says Ron.

Robin nods, responding, "You can't win them all, Ron."  He continues,
"Our new threat is the growing use of solvers and logical frameworks.
It is only a matter of time before a concrete syntax design
accidentally triggers an event."

Tony injects, "We had hoped that Don's excellent work, especially with
Ronald and Oren, would steer most clear of those dangerous waters."

Robin raises his hand and shrugs slightly, "But now with his
publication of a draft of the middle third of Volume 4B..."

"...enormously more programmers are going to begin to deeply
understand satisfiability!", finishes Barb.

Leslie grunts.  "We can't keep up!  Our team grows only by one member
every year, and we are starting to lose the old-timers... no offense,
Robin."

Robin acknowledges the comment with class, as he always did, and
responds, "Indeed, this is the main reason I called you here today.
The Agency intends to change our recruitment policy."  Many pairs of
eyes grow wide in the Hangout.  Robin continues, "We intend to use
this year's ICFP programming contest to find new operatives.  We need
more sharp, brave souls with expertise in several areas, particularly
cryptography, program reasoning, algorithms, and programming
languages, to keep the world safe from the Old Ones and their
minions."

Barb looks doubtful. "Do you really think this plan will work?"

Robin shakes his head, "Aleister believe that it is our only hope..."

# Introduction

Computational Archeology, or CA for short, is the study of historical
hidden digital artifacts.

Miskatonic University has several top CA researchers in the "Digital
Division" of their Department of Archeology.

No one knows their real names, as they all publish under pseudonyms
for fear of being identified by Lurkers beyond the Threshold.
Bourbaki, Banzai, Cocke, Hopcroft, Backus.  The list goes on and on.

These researchers have been tasked by an Other Government Agency, or
OGA for short, to find new recruits to help in the fight to keep the
world safe from the dark threats that live beyond the stars.  Little
does anyone know that Stross's yarns are not fiction, but are in
fact... fact.

Researchers at Miskatonic have discovered a new encoding scheme for
discovering and casting protection spells, called davar.  Each davar
invocation dampens the impact of a gate or summoning spell, accidental
or purposeful, which could open up a portal that, at best, swallows only 
a high school.

Moreover, their new scheme can be farmed out to many spellcasters
working in parallel: a kind of computational magical turk.  If they
only had a set of algorithms with which to automate the
currently laborious process of crafting counter-spells of sufficient
strength, they could calm the turbulent computational ether and its
fractal eddies and non-Euclidean pools of flesh-eating darkness.

# A New Threat
 
"Google's moves in AI and quantum are getting out of hand!"  Director
Aleister looks more agitated than he usually did before his second cup
of coffee in the morning.
 
"Indeed, they may stumble upon a Strong AI Golem, and then we'd be in
real trouble."  Buckaroo looked worried.  "Perhaps we should call in the
Blue Blaze Irregular strike team out of Galois."

The Director pursed his lips and sighed.  "We can't distract them.
They're too busy with practical FHE to protect our assets from APTs,
both foreign and extraterrestrial."

"That means we need to recruit again.  We need a highly visible
channel to get the best and the brightest.  Our 
Turing Squad is thin on the ground."  Banzai reflected.

"What about the ICFP programming contest?", the Director proffered.

Buckaroo's eyes lit up.  "Exactly!  Talent with spare time, enthusiasm
for hard problems, breadth and depth of knowledge, and most are
10x-ers!"  His eyes narrowed.  "Kathleen and I go way back.  I can
charm her into having Galois run next year's contest."

"Excellent!"  The Director pointed at Buckaroo's chest and ordered,
"Ensure that the contest just looks like a game---we don't want to
give too much away.  If contestants realized that the fate of the
world hung in the balance..."

Buckaroo slowly looked down at the Director's finger and raised his
eyebrow.  The Director blushed, mumbled something about needing to
make a phone call, and slipped out of the office.
 
# A Field Test
 
John Conway stood in front of a roomful of confused looking young men
and women.  He was facing away from the class, drawing hexagonal
triads and tetrads in different configurations on the blackboard.
 

"Erm.  Excuse me, professor?" One of the students spoke up.

Professor Conway distractedly looked up at the ceiling, then turned to
face the students with a look of surprise on his face.  "Oh, is it
time for lecture then?  Good, ok, let's go!"

"Welcome to Defence against the Digital Dark Arts, ladies and gentlemen.  My
name is John, and I'll be teaching you today about the most powerful
means by which we can discover and cast protective spells to keep the
planar peace."  He turned again, wiped off the board with his
already-chalk-covered shirtsleeve, and began to write.

"Russian computer scientists in the 1960s discovered a way
to *visually* encode spells.  Traditionally we had always used ancient
*written* languages like Latin, Greek, Arameic, and Lojban.  But
higher-dimensional constraints are difficult to encode textually,
despite the excellent work of Frege and Dijkstra.  Little did we know
the encoding was hiding right under our noses... and our honey."

"Bees?", proffered one of the students.

"Bees. Indeed, the Russians discovered that certain species of bees
were genetically programmed by powers unknown to encode power phrases
in their honeycombs.  Transliterating those honeycombs, and their
cells' configurations, into digital form was straightforward enough,
but they, and we, simply didn't have the computational power to reason
about the resulting system."

"It didn't help that the *actual* problem involved hyperbolic sphere
packing." Grigori entered the room with a flourish.  "Until Bowen and
Radin's excellent practical work in 2002, we had no way to tackle the
problem."  Perelman grimaced.  "And now that the agro-industrial
complex is in league with the Old Ones, apiaries are paying the
price."

"Moreover," Professor Conway continued, "the Russians needed to farm
out the discovery of programs and power phrases to the masses.  No
8-bit gamers in the early 80s were capable of playing a video game
that involved multiple dimensions.  That wouldn't come until titles
like Portal and Miegakure became popular."

"Thus the introduction of Tetris to the world," said Professor
Perelman in accented English as he turned to the large LCD.  It lit up
at his command to reveal a clandestine recording of a Tetris
championship match.  A sign in the shot revealed that it was recorded
at the Classic Tetris World Championship at the Portland Retro Gaming
Expo in early 2015.
 
Perelman continued, "Tetris trained generations of gamers to think
about computational problems in geometric ways.  Now is the time to
introduce a new Tetris-like game that directly connects to the
multidimensional hexagonal foundations of power phrases, or what we
call *'davar'*."

"Initial board configurations are encodings of threats that must be
countered.  They are discovered by three teams: computational
archeologists at Miskatonic, NSA cryptographers decrypting secret
communications between Old Ones and their minions on social media..."

Conway snorted, "Trolls!"

Perelman glared at him, "...and, as I was saying before I was
interrupted, classical archeologists who have discovered buried
mosaics encoding ancient powerful curses."

Conway jumped in, "Encoding the power phrases into game play generates
counter-spells.  The more power phrases we can intone, and the more
powerful they are, the greater our safety."  He clicked a mouse
attached to the machine projecting the video and a closeup
over-the-shoulder of an unshaven young man playing a game that was
reminiscent of Tetris, but with hexagonal units marching down the
display, appeared.  "*Human* players are certainly good at solving the
interlocking visual language of this game we call *'Hex'*."

Grigori gave a wry grin. "Note the double meaning, students."

"But they are notoriously bad at *both* solving the geometric
configuration challenges *and* spelling out the power words
simultaneously.", Conway emphasized. "Consequently, we must design new
algorithms...algorithms that potentially use a combination of classic
techniques..."

"...such as dynamic programming, backtracking, Markov models..."
injected Professor Perelman.

"...and relatively new research in a plethora of adjacent
disciplines, such as genetic programming, learning systems, stochastic
simulation, and more."

Professor Perelman began distributing a small stack of papers to the
end of each row of students.  "Here is the specification of the Hex
game and your challenge, should you choose to accept it."  He darkly
scanned the room.

"The fate of the world is in your hands."

# Fin
